[SRVKS-1100] Add docs on debugging Serverless applications (#72687)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-applications-checking-route-status.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * knative-serving/debugging-serverless-applications.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="serverless-applications-checking-route-status_{context}"]
= Checking route status

> In some cases, the `Route` object has issues. You can check its status using the `oc` tool.

Reviewer: Per [term glossary](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc#openshift-cli):
```suggestion
In some cases, the `Route` object has issues. You can check its status by using the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).
```

.Procedure

* Get the status of the `Route` object with which you deployed your application:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc get route <route-name> --output yaml
> ----
> +
> Substitute `<route-name>` with the name of your `Route` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc get route <route_name> --output yaml
----
+
Substitute `<route_name>` with the name of your `Route` object.
```
